Miss
Your neighbor grandpa is too cruel
The master doesn't speak for you
Since you have suffered like this
Qiu Thief
You need to know someone
Suffering
Will become his sword to stab others
Miss
I don't quite understand.
You don't have to understand.
You just need to know
Now it's time for me to fight back
How dare you come over?
Daomei knew she was wrong.
Plum should not take advantage of the identity of the commander-in-chief
Fox fake tiger power
Participate in Huomei's family affairs
But
If the commander can help Beicheng become the deputy city lord
That may bring greater rewards to the commander
An actor
That's not small.
You want Gu Beichen to become the deputy city lord
Why did this commander promise you?
Everyone has something they like
If the thrush could represent the commander-in-chief
Monstrous interpretation
Endless wealth
That commander
Would you like to help with this?
Then say it.
Although my Qin family has declined
But I have been singing for years
I met a lot of dignitaries
Three teachings and nine streams
If Beichen becomes the deputy city lord
I will do whatever it takes to get rid of the city lord
And won't get your hands dirty Commander-in-Chief
At that time, the entire boutique site
It's all yours, Commander
Are you so timid?
Bringing up the murder of the city lord in front of this commander?
Do not enter the tiger's den
What a tiger
I don't know what you think, Commander
You make this condition
Really fated
Ahaha
Don't worry, it won't be long.
The entire golden bottle will be yours once and for all
Palm
The true color order agreed three days later
The Vice-City Lord Succession Ceremony was held in the City Lord's Mansion
But if you promise, you can't
You know the consequences.
Of course the thrush knows, hahahaha.
Lin Jianyuan, what if you win for a while?
The position of the Overseer Lady can only be mine
The goldfish guessed really well
He actually came to find Commander Dong